Fix GEDI genome index not being self-contained (breaks PRICE on cloud executors) (#217)
nf-core/riboseq: CHANGELOG.md

- [#194](https://github.com/nf-core/riboseq/pull/194) - Update `dotseq/dotseq` (nf-core/modules#12230) so the DOTSeq heatmap actually renders, and pass `--orf_type_main_value canonical_cds` to pair the heatmap against riboseq's main-ORF label ([@pinin4fjords](https://github.com/pinin4fjords))
- [#210](https://github.com/nf-core/riboseq/pull/210) - Correct the Trim Galore! description in the usage and output docs: the 2.x series is a self-contained Rust program with FastQC reporting built in, not a wrapper around external Cutadapt and FastQC installations ([@FelixKrueger](https://github.com/FelixKrueger))
- [#210](https://github.com/nf-core/riboseq/pull/210) - Correct the `--cores` note in the usage and output docs, which dated from the 0.6.x Perl era: worker cores are capped at 8 (not 4), multi-core trimming needs more than 4 CPUs for single-end and more than 5 for paired-end data, and the 2.x N+4 thread model is described. Also fixes a 404 changelog link (`Changelog.md` → `CHANGELOG.md`) ([@FelixKrueger](https://github.com/FelixKrueger))

> - [#217](https://github.com/nf-core/riboseq/pull/217) - Patch `gedi/indexgenome` so the GEDI genome index is self-contained. GEDI records absolute paths in the `.oml`/`.fi` it writes, including one to the source FASTA, which was staged at the task work directory root and so never became part of the emitted index. On executors where work directories are not a shared filesystem (AWS Batch with Fusion, and cloud executors generally) that path was never materialised, and `--run_price` failed in `PriceCodonInference` with `Could not read sequence from file`. The FASTA is now copied into the index directory and indexed from there, so the recorded path travels with the index ([@FelixKrueger](https://github.com/FelixKrueger))

Reviewer: One sentence is enough, with the executor claim scoped to Fusion:

```suggestion
- [#217](https://github.com/nf-core/riboseq/pull/217) - Patch `gedi/indexgenome` to index from a copy of the FASTA placed inside the index directory, fixing `--run_price` failing in PRICE's `PriceCodonInference` on AWS Batch with Fusion, where the path GEDI recorded for the staged input was never materialised ([@FelixKrueger](https://github.com/FelixKrueger))
```
